hello this is lego guy pls ooo on today
I'm gonna be doing a just a showcase on
my um Lego all mode what to flamethrower
guy saw my custom design yeah it's
pretty cool um yeah that file always
promised how but I'll worry about that
later so um I think this is really cool
I don't think I'm gonna be making a
how-to because it's really hard to get
this little rope thing in there but it's
pretty self-explanatory if you look at
it closely so what you're gonna do I get
you can take this back piece with a
little start on the back like that
you're going to take that and then have
to buy one and then these two little
clips and then these are flick fire
missiles um and you just cut a little
tip off then put on connect the pieces
on them both take out the antenna I take
the antenna pieces but just take the
intent out um then you're going to cut a
little bit of Lego hope and put it
through that hole and then you bring it
over here and then you tie it around
this little yeah like that tribe around
just like that all yeah and then so you
try it out a little knot right there and
then for the flamethrower going to take
one of these connected pieces and stick
it right the should look like that
you're going to take a black stick one
of these guys take this
then one of these connectors so then
what you're going to do is you're going
to put this one like that and then this
one like that and then just stick it
right now so yeah there's the flank
though and then I you can put file in it
let's just do bite yeah show you guys
about this um kind of hard to put it in
eight okay so all that and then just
take it like that and then you take the
fire and you just you got it on sand off
when a little bit of the edge right
there um like one of the bumps off so
we'll stick in and then you just stick
it in my right so it looks like this so
yeah oh that's pretty much it rate
comment subscribe ah and that's all